All right, next question,
what's the output?
Is it A, name Jane, and
the street is 101 Main St?
Is it name Jane and
the address is 102 Main St?
Is it name Sarah with 101 Main St,
or Sarah with 102 Main St?
All right, the right answer is B,
it's Jane with the 102 Main St.
So what we're doing here is we first
create a member object, we have Jane, and
within that object, we have another
object named the address, right?
So first we create that object
in the heap of Jane, and
then the address is another reference to
another object the street, the address object.
Then we create a new object
using the spread operator.
We create member2.
Now, one thing to remember about
the spread operator is that it only
enables shallowing copying objects,
which means that the top-level
properties are duplicated.
So in this case, name Jane, but
the rest holds like the address
is actually a direct reference
to the copied object.
So that's not copied by value,
it's copied by reference.
So member2.address points to the same
object in memory as member.address.
So now when we change
member.address.St to 102 Main St,
It changes that on the object that is
shared with both member and member2.
Now when we just change
the member.name to Sarah,
that change is only reflected
within the member object.
So when we now log member2, you will see
Jane because that name hasn't changed.
There's no reference to
member.name from member2.
But the address has changed because
that's referring to the same object as
the member,
which is where we updated that value.
So you'll see Jane and 102 Main St.